"It is not our abilities that show what we truly are… it is our choices."
— Albus Dumbledore (J.K. Rowling), Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."
— Winston Churchill
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us."
— Gandalf (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Fellowship of the Ring
"It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything."
— Tyler Durden, Fight Club
"There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so."
— Hamlet (William Shakespeare), Hamlet
"I wonder how many people I've looked at all my life and never seen."
— John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent
"When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die. There is no middle ground."
— Cersei Lannister, Game of Thrones
"Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win."
— Stephen King, The Shining
"The only thing that feels better than winning is winning when nobody thought you could."
— Hank Aaron
"We accept the reality of the world with which we're presented."
— Christof, The Truman Show
"Cowards die many times before their deaths; The valiant never taste of death but once."
— Julius Caesar (William Shakespeare), Julius Caesar
"Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful."
— The Creature (Mary Shelley), Frankenstein
"All great and precious things are lonely."
— John Steinbeck, East of Eden
"Everyone fails at who they are supposed to be, Thor. The measure of a person, of a hero, is how well they succeed at being who they are."
— Frigga, Avengers: Endgame
"I hope you live a life you're proud of. If you find that you're not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again."
— Benjamin Button, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
"To love is to destroy, and to be loved is to be the one destroyed."
— Jace Wayland (Cassandra Clare), City of Bones
"We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life is rounded with a sleep."
— Prospero (William Shakespeare), The Tempest
"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."
— Don Corleone, The Godfather
"We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones."
— Stephen King, Danse Macabre
"Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens."
— Gimli (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Fellowship of the Ring
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for."
— Bob Marley
"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife."
— Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends."
— Martin Luther King Jr.
"Hell is other people."
— Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit
"A sad soul can kill you quicker than a germ."
— John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley
"You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain."
— Harvey Dent, The Dark Knight
"We accept the love we think we deserve."
— Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower
"Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart."
— Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall."
— Nelson Mandela
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be."
— Ophelia (William Shakespeare), Hamlet
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals."
— Sirius Black (J.K. Rowling), Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
"There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."
— Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings
"A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything."
— Malcolm X
"The hardest thing in this world is to live in it. Be brave. Live."
— Buffy Summers, Buffy the Vampire Slayer
"When we hit our lowest point, we are open to the greatest change."
— Aang, Avatar: The Legend of Korra
"The unexamined life is not worth living."
— Socrates
"Deep down, you may still be that same kid you were when you had your first crush."
— Stephen King, The Green Mile
"Deserves it! I daresay he does. Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life."
— Gandalf (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Fellowship of the Ring
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars."
— Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan
"It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more."
— Albus Dumbledore (J.K. Rowling), Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
"The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places."
— Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms
"All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players."
— Jaques (William Shakespeare), As You Like It
"Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same."
— Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights
"It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends."
— Albus Dumbledore (J.K. Rowling), Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone
"Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past."
— George Orwell, 1984
"I think we dream so we don’t have to be apart for so long. If we’re in each other’s dreams, we can be together all the time."
— A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
"The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heaven of hell, a hell of heaven."
— John Milton, Paradise Lost
"It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done."
— Sydney Carton (Charles Dickens), A Tale of Two Cities
"I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone."
— Arwen (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Fellowship of the Ring
"My words fly up, my thoughts remain below: Words without thoughts never to heaven go."
— Claudius (William Shakespeare), Hamlet
"Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not."
— Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Inspirational & Uplifting
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."
— Ferris Bueller, Ferris Bueller's Day Off
"Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light."
— Albus Dumbledore, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
"Books are a uniquely portable magic."
— Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft
"And now that you don't have to be perfect, you can be good."
— John Steinbeck, East of Eden
"Do or do not. There is no try."
— Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
"No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world."
— John Keating, Dead Poets Society
"It ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward."
— Rocky Balboa, Rocky Balboa
"Not all those who wander are lost."
— J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves."
— Cassius (William Shakespeare), Julius Caesar
"Adventure is out there!"
— Ellie, Up
"Get busy living or get busy dying."
— Red (Stephen King), The Shawshank Redemption
"Brave doesn’t mean you’re not scared. It means you go on even though you’re scared."
— Starr Carter (Angie Thomas), The Hate U Give
"You must never give in to despair. Allow yourself to slip down that road and you surrender to your lowest instincts."
— Uncle Iroh, Avatar: The Last Airbender
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination."
— Jimmy Dean
"Venture outside your comfort zone. The rewards are worth it."
— Rapunzel, Tangled
"Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them."
— Malvolio (William Shakespeare), Twelfth Night
"Even the smallest person can change the course of the future."
— Galadriel (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Fellowship of the Ring
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."
— Theodore Roosevelt
"Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter."
— Yoda, The Empire Strikes Back
"Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming."
— Dory, Finding Nemo
"There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for."
— Samwise Gamgee (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Two Towers
"You have no power over me."
— Sarah Williams, Labyrinth
"It always seems impossible until it's done."
— Nelson Mandela
"Do the best you can until you know better. Then when you know better, do better."
— Maya Angelou
"The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all."
— The Emperor, Mulan
"It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up."
— Babe Ruth
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."
— Peter Drucker
"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice."
— Steve Jobs
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream."
— C.S. Lewis
"What we do in life echoes in eternity."
— Maximus, Gladiator
"You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think."
— A.A. Milne
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all."
— Oscar Wilde
"Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things."
— Walt Disney
"A little consideration, a little thought for others, makes all the difference."
— Eeyore (A.A. Milne), Winnie-the-Pooh
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great."
— Zig Ziglar
"Every man dies, not every man really lives."
— William Wallace, Braveheart
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground."
— Theodore Roosevelt
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams."
— Eleanor Roosevelt
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."
— Robert Louis Stevenson
"If you can dream it, you can do it."
— Walt Disney
"Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things, and no good thing ever dies."
— Andy Dufresne (Stephen King), The Shawshank Redemption
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world."
— Mahatma Gandhi
"Change your thoughts and you change your world."
— Norman Vincent Peale
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."
— William James
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending."
— C.S. Lewis
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you."
— Walt Whitman
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do."
— Steve Jobs
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can."
— Arthur Ashe
"I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear."
— Martin Luther King Jr.
"Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what."
— Atticus Finch (Harper Lee), To Kill a Mockingbird
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life."
— Steve Jobs
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."
— Ralph Waldo Emerson
Humorous & Witty
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!"
— President Merkin Muffley, Dr. Strangelove
"I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by."
— Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt
"I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve."
— Bilbo Baggins (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Fellowship of the Ring
"I am serious. And don't call me Shirley."
— Dr. Rumack, Airplane!
"A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool."
— Touchstone (William Shakespeare), As You Like It
"Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen."
— John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent
"I don't know how to put this, but I'm kind of a big deal."
— Ron Burgundy, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
"That rug really tied the room together."
— The Dude, The Big Lebowski
"There are only two things I can't stand in this world: People who are intolerant of other people's cultures, and the Dutch."
— Nigel Powers, Austin Powers in Goldmember
"I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens."
— Woody Allen
"Never forget what you are. The rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor, and it can never be used to hurt you."
— Tyrion Lannister, Game of Thrones
"Man is the only kind of varmint sets his own trap, baits it, then steps on it."
— John Steinbeck, Sweet Thursday
"I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way."
— Jessica Rabbit, Who Framed Roger Rabbit
"I do desire we may be better strangers."
— Orlando (William Shakespeare), As You Like It
"I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member."
— Groucho Marx
"Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings."
— Robert Bloch (attributed)
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious."
— Michael Scott, The Office
"The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it."
— Terry Pratchett, Diggers
"Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well."
— Mark Twain
"Instant gratification takes too long."
— Carrie Fisher
"I haven’t spoken to my wife in years. I didn’t want to interrupt her."
— Rodney Dangerfield
"Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that who cares?... He’s a mile away and you’ve got his shoes!"
— Billy Connolly
"I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it."
— Mae West
"I can resist everything except temptation."
— Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan
"If I had a gun with two bullets and I was in a room with Hitler, Bin Laden, and Toby, I would shoot Toby twice."
— Michael Scott, The Office
"Reality continues to ruin my life."
— Bill Watterson, Calvin and Hobbes
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt."
— Abraham Lincoln (attributed)
"I like rice. Rice is great when you're hungry and you want 2,000 of something."
— Mitch Hedberg
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night."
— Steve Martin
"Common sense is like deodorant. The people who need it most never use it."
— Anonymous
"My mother always said to me: 'The older you get, the better you get, unless you’re a banana.'"
— Betty White
"Doing nothing is very hard to do. You never know when you're finished."
— Leslie Nielsen
"Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?"
— Robin Williams
"Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so."
— Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes."
— Jim Carrey
"Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society."
— Mark Twain
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read."
— Groucho Marx
"I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you."
— Robin Williams
"Trying is the first step toward failure."
— Homer Simpson, The Simpsons
"I walked into a door. The door was closed. It was a push door. I pulled."
— Nick Miller, New Girl
"Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life."
— Terry Pratchett, Jingo
"People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day."
— A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh
"Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things."
— George Carlin
"The capacity for friendship is God's way of apologizing for our families."
— Jay McInerney, The Last of the Savages
"I’m killing time while I wait for life to shower me with meaning and happiness."
— Calvin (Bill Watterson), Calvin and Hobbes
"The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made."
— Groucho Marx
"Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company."
— Mark Twain
"I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure."
— Anonymous
"Accept who you are. Unless you're a serial killer."
— Ellen DeGeneres
"My tastes are simple: I am easily satisfied with the best."
— Winston Churchill
"I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally."
— W.C. Fields
Dark & Unsettling
"Listen to them. Children of the night. What music they make."
— Count Dracula, Dracula (1931)
"The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown."
— H.P. Lovecraft, Supernatural Horror in Literature
"Here's Johnny!"
— Jack Torrance, The Shining
"A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti."
— Hannibal Lecter, The Silence of the Lambs
"Silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone."
— Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House
"Stars, hide your fires; Let not light see my black and deep desires."
— Macbeth (William Shakespeare), Macbeth
"I see dead people."
— Cole Sear, The Sixth Sense
"One, two, Freddy's coming for you. Three, four, better lock your door."
— Children's Song, A Nightmare on Elm Street
"When there's no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth."
— Peter, Dawn of the Dead
"Whatever you do, don't fall asleep."
— Nancy Thompson, A Nightmare on Elm Street
"Sleep, those little slices of death — how I loathe them."
— Edgar Allan Poe
"We all float down here."
— Pennywise, It
"I am the writing on the wall, the whisper in the classroom! Without these things, I am nothing."
— Candyman, Candyman
"Chaos is a ladder."
— Petyr Baelish, Game of Thrones
"By the pricking of my thumbs, Something wicked this way comes."
— Second Witch (William Shakespeare), Macbeth
"Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing..."
— Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven
"The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague."
— Edgar Allan Poe, The Premature Burial
"I am the one who knocks!"
— Walter White, Breaking Bad
"All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy."
— Jack Torrance, The Shining
"The horror! The horror!"
— Kurtz, Heart of Darkness
"Hell is empty and all the devils are here."
— Ariel (William Shakespeare), The Tempest
"They're coming to get you, Barbara."
— Johnny, Night of the Living Dead